Chair

Name:Renberget
Price:229
Discription:Comfy, lightweight and easy to move around. The shape of the armrests adds to the comfort and the brake mechanism of the castors keeps the chair in place when you stand up – and releases when you sit down.

Name:Pello
Price:199
Discription:Comfy seating throughout the home gives a relaxed feel – and with airy PELLO armchair you can easily create your comfort zones everywhere. The secrets are good back support and a slightly resilient frame!

Name:Adde
Price:45
Discription:Light, airy and stackable ADDE is easy to store away when you want to clean, dance or just need a little more floor space. It is also the perfect extra chair when you have more guests around the table.

Name:Bergmund
Price:325
Discription:Thanks to new research and a new technique, this upholstered chair gives you optimal seating comfort. Change the style anytime by replacing the ocean blue chair cover with one in a different colour or model.

Name:Nolmyra
Price:149
Discription:NOLMYRA easy chair re-imagines comfort with mesh fabric stretched over the frame, making the need for foam unnecessary. The result is an elegantly engineered lounge chair at a low price.

Name:Markus
Price:549
Discription:Adjust the height and angle of this chair so your workday feels comfortable – the mesh backrest lets air through so you keep cool even when the workload rises. Built to outlast years of ups and downs.

Name:Molte
Price:69
Discription:You sit comfortably, because the chair can be easily adjusted to 5 different heights – 38, 41, 45, 48 and 51 cm.	

Name:Odger
Price:295
Discription:The chair’s moulded shell gives a comfy, flexy feel that’s yours to enjoy after a simple 3-click assembly. For strength and beauty, wood is mixed into the red plastic, like decorative sprinkles.

Name:Gunde
Price:55
Discription:How much value fits into a chair? This one is worth an extra look. It’s foldable, yet safe. It’s sturdy enough to hold 100 kg, yet light. Tight for space? Hang in it on a wall.
